C/README.md, before:

# C programs content

C is a general-purpose, high-level language that was originally developed by Dennis M. Ritchie to develop the UNIX operating system at Bell Labs.

|        Problem Name        |                               link                               |
| :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Guessing Game              |                     [link](./Guessing%20Game/main.c)             |
|   No. of days in a month   |                     [link](./daysOfMonth.C)                      |
|     Doubly LinkedList      | [link-1](./doublyLinkedList.c) [link-2](./doublyLinkedList-ii.c) |
|  Reverse a Doubly link list| [link](./doubly_linklist_reverse.c)
|    Factorial of Number     |                      [link](./factorial.C)                       |
|  Factors Of given Number   |                   [link](./factorsOfNumber.C)                    |
|    Queue using 2 stack     | [link-1](./queueUsingStack.c) [link-2](./QueueUsingStack2.c)     |
| reverse digits of a number |                    [link](./reverseNumber.c)                     |
|    Stack implementation    |                 [link](./StackImplementation.c)                  |
|  Sum of digits of number   |                  [link](./sumOfNumberDigits.C)                   |
|  Binary Search Tree        |                  [link](./BinarySearchTree.C)                    |
| Floyd's Cycle Detection    |          [link](./Floyds_cycle_detection_for_linked_lists.c)     |
|  Hash Table Implementation |                  [link](./HashTableImplementation.c)             | 
| Bubble Sort                |                  [link](./bubble_sort.c)                         |
| calculator with extra functions|              [link](./my_calc/my_calculator.c)               |
| Queue using Dynamic memory allocation |              [link](./DynamicQueue.c)                 |
| Insertion Sort             |                  [link](./Insertion%20Sort.c)                    |
| Bresenham Circle           |                  [link](./Bresenham-Circle.c)                    |
| Egg Dropping Puzzle        |                  [link](./EggDroppingPuzzle.c)                   |
| Linear Search              |                  [link](./LinearSearch.c)                        |
| Binary Search              |                  [link](./BinarySearch.c)                        |
| kadane's algorithm         |                  [link](./kadane.c)                              |
| LinkedList Insertions      |                  [link](./LinkedListInsertion.c)                 |
| Print factorial using stack|                  [link](./stackFactorial.c)                      |
| Subsets of string          |                  [link](./SubsetsOfString.c)                     |
| Extra Long Factorial       |                  [link](./extraLongFactorial.c)                  |
|BreadthFirstSearch(Adj.List)|                  [link](./BFS_AdjacencyList.c)                   |
|Farenheit to Celcius        |                  [link](./farenheit_to_celcius.c)                |

Commit message:

Added one more conversion
Previously only one conversion was available - Fahrenheit to Celsius. 
Now, Celsius to Fahrenheit included.

C/README.md, after:

# C programs content

C is a general-purpose, high-level language that was originally developed by Dennis M. Ritchie to develop the UNIX operating system at Bell Labs.

|        Problem Name        |                               link                               |
| :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Guessing Game              |                     [link](./Guessing%20Game/main.c)             |
|   No. of days in a month   |                     [link](./daysOfMonth.C)                      |
|     Doubly LinkedList      | [link-1](./doublyLinkedList.c) [link-2](./doublyLinkedList-ii.c) |
|  Reverse a Doubly link list| [link](./doubly_linklist_reverse.c)
|    Factorial of Number     |                      [link](./factorial.C)                       |
|  Factors Of given Number   |                   [link](./factorsOfNumber.C)                    |
|    Queue using 2 stack     | [link-1](./queueUsingStack.c) [link-2](./QueueUsingStack2.c)     |
| reverse digits of a number |                    [link](./reverseNumber.c)                     |
|    Stack implementation    |                 [link](./StackImplementation.c)                  |
|  Sum of digits of number   |                  [link](./sumOfNumberDigits.C)                   |
|  Binary Search Tree        |                  [link](./BinarySearchTree.C)                    |
| Floyd's Cycle Detection    |          [link](./Floyds_cycle_detection_for_linked_lists.c)     |
|  Hash Table Implementation |                  [link](./HashTableImplementation.c)             | 
| Bubble Sort                |                  [link](./bubble_sort.c)                         |
| calculator with extra functions|              [link](./my_calc/my_calculator.c)               |
| Queue using Dynamic memory allocation |              [link](./DynamicQueue.c)                 |
| Insertion Sort             |                  [link](./Insertion%20Sort.c)                    |
| Bresenham Circle           |                  [link](./Bresenham-Circle.c)                    |
| Egg Dropping Puzzle        |                  [link](./EggDroppingPuzzle.c)                   |
| Linear Search              |                  [link](./LinearSearch.c)                        |
| Binary Search              |                  [link](./BinarySearch.c)                        |
| kadane's algorithm         |                  [link](./kadane.c)                              |
| LinkedList Insertions      |                  [link](./LinkedListInsertion.c)                 |
| Print factorial using stack|                  [link](./stackFactorial.c)                      |
| Subsets of string          |                  [link](./SubsetsOfString.c)                     |
| Extra Long Factorial       |                  [link](./extraLongFactorial.c)                  |
|BreadthFirstSearch(Adj.List)|                  [link](./BFS_AdjacencyList.c)                   |
|Convert: Fahrenheit to Celsius/ Celsius to Fahrenheit       |                  [link](./farenheit_to_celcius.c)                |
