Java/README.md, before:

# Java programs content

**Java** is a class-based, object-oriented programming language that is designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
|              Problem Name              |                           link                            |
| :------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: |
| Coin change (infinite supply of coins) |                [link](./CoinChange_i.java)                |
|     Longest Increasing Subsequence     |        [link](./LongestIncreasingSubsequence.java)        |
|            Merge Sort Algo             |                 [link](./MergeSort.java)                  |
|         PalindromeSubSequence          |                 [link](./PalindromeSubSequence.java)      |
|         Egg Dropping Puzzle            |                 [link](./EggDroppingPuzzle.java)          |
|          Calculator                    |      [link](./Calculator/Calculator.java)                 |
|       DirectoryHandlerJava             |                 [link](./DirectoryHandlerJava.java)       |
|           PrimeChecker                 |        [link](./PrimeChecker.java)                        |
|           Breadth First Search         |        [link](./Graphs/BreadthFirstSearch.java)           |
|           Depth First Search           |        [link](./Graphs/DepthFirstSearch.java)             |
|           Cycle Detection              |        [link](./Graphs/CycleDetection.java)               |
|           Dijkstra Algorithm           |        [link](./Graphs/DijkstraAlgorithm.java)            |
|           Bellman Ford Algorithm       |        [link](./Graphs/BellmanFordAlgorithm.java)         |
|           BST                          |        [link](./binarySearchTree.java)                    |
|           Bubble Sort                  |        [link](./bubbleSort.java)                          |
|           Insertion Sort               |        [link](./insertionSort.java)                       |
|           Selection Sort               |        [link](./selectionSort.java)                       |
|           Binary Search                |        [link](./BinarySearch.java)                        |
|           Linear Search                |        [link](./LinearSearch.java)                        |
|    Longest Common Subsequence          |        [link](./LongestCommonSubsequence.java)            |
|    Longest Palindromic Subsequence     |        [link](./LongestPalindromicSubsequence.java)       |
|           HeapSort                     |        [link](./HeapSort.java)                            |
|         What Is Number? - Game         |        [link](./WhatIsNumberGame.java)
|           FastIO                       |  [link](./FastIO/Reader.java) [link](./FastIO/Writer.java)|
|           factorial                    |       [link](./factorial.java)                            |
|           fibonacci                    |       [link](./fibonacci.java)                            |
|           swaptwonumbers               |       [link](./swapTwoNumbers.java)                       |
|           Bucket Sort                  |        [link](./BucketSort.java)                          |
|           Radix Sort                   |        [link](./RadixSort.java)                           |
|           Shell Sort                   |        [link](./ShellSort.java)                           |
|           Permutation of String        |       [link](./PermutaionOfString.java)                   |
|           sieveOfEratosthenes          |        [link](./sieveOfEratosthenes.java)                 |
|    Subsets of a String (Recurive)      |        [link](./SubsetsOfAString.java)                    |
|           sieveOfEratosthenes          |       [link](./sieveOfEratosthenes.java)                  |
|       Reverse Doubly Linked List       |        [link](./reverseDoublyLinkedList.java)             |
|           Prim's Algorithm             |       [link](./Graphs/PrimsAlgorithm.java)                |
|           Kruskal's Algorithm          |       [link](./Graphs/KruskalsAlgorithm.java)             |
|Prefix Conversion using Expression Tree |       [link](./PrefixConversion.java)                     |
|           Extra Long Factorials        |        [link](./ExtraLongFactorial.java)                  |
|           Small Game                   |        [link](./Small_Game/Game.java)                     |
|           Quick Sort                   |        [link](./QuickSort.java)                           |
|           Trie Implementation          |        [link](./Trie_Implementation.java)                 |
|           Multiplicative Inverse       |        [link](./MultiplicativeInverse.java)               |
|           Kadane's Algorithm Implementation          |        [link](./kadanesalgorithm.java)      |
|    Fahrenheit to Celsius Converter     |        [link](./Fahrenheit_to_Celsius.java)               |
|     Postfix Expression Evaluation      |        [link](./PostfixEvaluation.java)                   |

Commit message:

Added Minimum number of Swaps to Sort an Array program in Java #536 (#552)

Java/README.md, after:

# Java programs content

**Java** is a class-based, object-oriented programming language that is designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
|              Problem Name              |                           link                            |
| :------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: |
| Coin change (infinite supply of coins) |                [link](./CoinChange_i.java)                |
|     Longest Increasing Subsequence     |        [link](./LongestIncreasingSubsequence.java)        |
|            Merge Sort Algo             |                 [link](./MergeSort.java)                  |
|         PalindromeSubSequence          |                 [link](./PalindromeSubSequence.java)      |
|         Egg Dropping Puzzle            |                 [link](./EggDroppingPuzzle.java)          |
|          Calculator                    |      [link](./Calculator/Calculator.java)                 |
|       DirectoryHandlerJava             |                 [link](./DirectoryHandlerJava.java)       |
|           PrimeChecker                 |        [link](./PrimeChecker.java)                        |
|           Breadth First Search         |        [link](./Graphs/BreadthFirstSearch.java)           |
|           Depth First Search           |        [link](./Graphs/DepthFirstSearch.java)             |
|           Cycle Detection              |        [link](./Graphs/CycleDetection.java)               |
|           Dijkstra Algorithm           |        [link](./Graphs/DijkstraAlgorithm.java)            |
|           Bellman Ford Algorithm       |        [link](./Graphs/BellmanFordAlgorithm.java)         |
|           BST                          |        [link](./binarySearchTree.java)                    |
|           Bubble Sort                  |        [link](./bubbleSort.java)                          |
|           Insertion Sort               |        [link](./insertionSort.java)                       |
|           Selection Sort               |        [link](./selectionSort.java)                       |
|           Binary Search                |        [link](./BinarySearch.java)                        |
|           Linear Search                |        [link](./LinearSearch.java)                        |
|    Longest Common Subsequence          |        [link](./LongestCommonSubsequence.java)            |
|    Longest Palindromic Subsequence     |        [link](./LongestPalindromicSubsequence.java)       |
|           HeapSort                     |        [link](./HeapSort.java)                            |
|         What Is Number? - Game         |        [link](./WhatIsNumberGame.java)
|           FastIO                       |  [link](./FastIO/Reader.java) [link](./FastIO/Writer.java)|
|           factorial                    |       [link](./factorial.java)                            |
|           fibonacci                    |       [link](./fibonacci.java)                            |
|           swaptwonumbers               |       [link](./swapTwoNumbers.java)                       |
|           Bucket Sort                  |        [link](./BucketSort.java)                          |
|           Radix Sort                   |        [link](./RadixSort.java)                           |
|           Shell Sort                   |        [link](./ShellSort.java)                           |
|           Permutation of String        |       [link](./PermutaionOfString.java)                   |
|           sieveOfEratosthenes          |        [link](./sieveOfEratosthenes.java)                 |
|    Subsets of a String (Recurive)      |        [link](./SubsetsOfAString.java)                    |
|           sieveOfEratosthenes          |       [link](./sieveOfEratosthenes.java)                  |
|       Reverse Doubly Linked List       |        [link](./reverseDoublyLinkedList.java)             |
|           Prim's Algorithm             |       [link](./Graphs/PrimsAlgorithm.java)                |
|           Kruskal's Algorithm          |       [link](./Graphs/KruskalsAlgorithm.java)             |
|Prefix Conversion using Expression Tree |       [link](./PrefixConversion.java)                     |
|           Extra Long Factorials        |        [link](./ExtraLongFactorial.java)                  |
|           Small Game                   |        [link](./Small_Game/Game.java)                     |
|           Quick Sort                   |        [link](./QuickSort.java)                           |
|           Trie Implementation          |        [link](./Trie_Implementation.java)                 |
|           Multiplicative Inverse       |        [link](./MultiplicativeInverse.java)               |
|           Kadane's Algorithm Implementation          |        [link](./kadanesalgorithm.java)      |
|    Fahrenheit to Celsius Converter     |        [link](./Fahrenheit_to_Celsius.java)               |
|Minimum number of Swaps to Sort An Array|        [link](./MinSwapsTOSortArray.java)                 |
|     Postfix Expression Evaluation      |        [link](./PostfixEvaluation.java)                   |
